The time...
We're still good.
Mail won't be here for another 25 minutes.
They'll be ready
for your interview after the photoshoot.
[September, 2021]
Please do not mention the disbandment
until our vocalist brings it up himself.
Of course.
Haru. I'll be the one to introduce you.
No speaking up until then, alright?
Yes, ma'am.
[Suffragette City]
Suffragette City has arrived.
Morning, folks!
Good morning.
They're really here.
I shall give a short debriefing.
His face! The way he holds his cup!
Everything about him is just...
So cool.
You okay?
Yes, ma'am.
Who's this, Yoshida?
My apprentice. She's an aspiring journalist.
My name is Haru Aizawa.
She's apparently a huge fan of the band.
Really?
Yes. I've been a fan since your debut.
Wow. And now you're here to see us in person?
Yes. It was quite the journey.
This won't do.
What's up, Ouji?
This girl's head over heels for me.
[Episode 1]
[April, 2025]
Thanks for doing my laundry.
Ouji! Clothes!
They're going on right now.
Hamburger steaks, huh? My favorite.
Relax with a game.
I'll bring it over when it's done.
I think I'd rather rest my eyes.
They're asking for this demo too early.
I should've gotten another week.
Don't overwork yourself.
I only see one share. You're not eating with?
I have dinner plans today.
I'll leave once I finish prepping your meals.
I restocked on milk as well.
Thanks. Tell me when you leave, yeah?
Will do.
His work-tussled look is deadly!
Ouji?
I'll be heading out now.
He must have fallen asleep.
[Ram3]
Let me get this straight.
You're basically his maid?
She sounds more like his mother to me.
Aw, you two flatter me!
Those weren't compliments.
They were anything but.
This is Fuyumi,
a working mother I met on the job,
and Akina, a bachelorette
who's one year my junior.
We often meet to chat over a drink or two.
Your drink, ma'am.
So what, is he just a gigolo now?
No, he does producer work.
Just this morning, he was busy composing.
I get it. Musicians are an addictive species.
You do, Fuyumi?
I thought your husband
was a licensed architect.
How nice of him to always let you join us.
Before we married though,
I was into standoffish musicians I styled,
who were actually sweethearts deep down.
Yes, that sort of gap is to die for.
I get the charm of a gap,
but how are musicians "addictive"?
You don't even have sex with this guy.
- S...
- What's the point of staying with him?
The point, you say...
You and your foreign standards.
I'm asking an honest question here.
How popular was this "Ouji" dude anyway?
Kazuhiro Ouji, former bassist of the band,
"Suffragette City".
Performed once at Budokan,
twice for a drama, and once for a commercial.
They seduce with their melodies,
and mesmerize with their harmonies.
Their vocalist, Suzuki's enchanting voice,
made them especially popular.
Leave it to a fangirl to be knowledgeable.
Though all members had a following,
Ouji was by far the most popular, right?
That's right! He was often in photoshoots
with famous actresses, too!
Why do you look so happy about that?
Seeing him on stage costs extra, after all.
The one other thing I'll say about musicians?
They've got sexy fingers.
Totally!
Hitting those bass strings.
Spreading fingers wide on a keyboard.
And don't forget, stroking a microphone.
I'm starting to see your point.
Then his stage presence charmed you good?
Oh, no. I knew nothing about music
before encountering Suffragettes.
- Huh?
- I had no hobbies,
and went straight to employment
after college.
I had no qualms with my life, until...
[MUSIC GUIDE]
I met him, during one fateful lunch break.
Despite the small article,
I was instantly hooked.
I knew then,
that I'd fallen hard for this man.
I desperately felt the need to see him.
I think you were practically his stalk...
Every interview I read
only made me fall harder for him.
I wanted to be the one hearing his stories.
So I quit my stable job,
took a writing course,
begged my mentor to let me accompany her,
and participated
in their disbandment interview.
Isn't that fate?
More like an obsession.
But you never wanted to actually date him?
No, I would never.
Right? One night stands
are way easier to deal with.
That's more out of the question.
- Really?
- Of course.
Besides, he was in a relationship
with Keiko Kotani when we first met.
What? That parenting influencer?
She was a model, back in the day.
Rather than be a lover with a deadline,
I'd rather be an unassuming bystander.
A background extra,
that could stay by his side, forever.
That's how dazzling he was to me.
The hamburger steak was delicious.
[Ouji]
I'm home.
Welcome home!
I'm home, sweetie.
You were late.
Sorry, the girls and I were having fun.
I'm sleeping with Mommy tonight!
Are you now?
Still showering, Akina?
Can I join you?
Feel free.
Akina.
[Busi-CAFE]
Morning, Haru.
Shibuya! You're here today?
Sure am. The home office
was getting a bit stifling.
Likewise.
My condolences.
Forced to write more clickbait?
Yeah. Something that'll "do numbers".
Why can't they leave that stuff to AI?
I remember your great writing
from when we worked together.
Reminiscing about the past,
at your young age?
Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
[Incoming Call: Ouji]
Be right back.
Hello? Ouji?
I...
I think I'm seriously ill.
This might be bad.
Oh my gosh, he sounds so pitiful.
Are you alright?
Of course not. Why else would I be calling?
What?
You're making my head hurt.
So...
Sorry.
Could you grab me something
with electrolytes from the store?
Of course. I'll be right there.
See you around, Shibuya.
[Hiromaru Convenience Store]
Don't forget Vitamin B1, and Zinc, too!
[Fuyumi]
An emergency spare key? You are his mom.
[Akina]
Haru, what about your deadline?
Seeing Ouji will motivate me 1000%!
[Haru]
Taxi!
Don't turn, darn it.
Ouji!
I'm coming in.
Ouji, are you okay?
Ouji?
Ouji? Ouji!
Ouji! Ouji!
Ouji. Ouji!
Ouji!
What the...
Don't "what the" me.
Here, tissues.
You were this close to suffering pneumonia.
And why would you drink wine when you're ill?
I thought it'd help me to sleep.
Take your medicine instead.
You're nearing 40, you know?
Don't think you can
match your rowdy twenties.
I get that.
No, you don't.
Please eat, and sleep properly!
What if you collapsed, with no one to help?
That's it.
Huh?
I'll move in.
What? Why?
You have a room you're using for storage.
That's plenty for me.
I'll pay 50,000 yen for rent.
Since your room is on the second floor,
you can still bring girls in, no problem.
What are you talking about?
I'll never enter your private quarters.
Just let me check up on you every three days.
So you want to cohabit with me?
N-No!
We'd be roommates.
Our privacies are entirely intact.
I only wish to make sure you're healthy.
You're that worried about me?
Of course I am.
You already collapsed last year
after WagaTsuma Fest.
Because of the... stone.
Oh, right. My kidney stone.
Don't make me recall something so mortifying.
It was more than just mortifying.
That's nothing to forget about.
Yeah, now I remember.
That stone hurt like hell.
I was there for a job, and ended up
accompanying you to the hospital.
That's when you gave me a spare key.
Didn't I show you the stone that popped out?
You certainly did.
You cried your eyes out
while clutching that thing.
- Hilarious.
- It was not funny.
I was so relieved to see you
no longer in pain.
Sorry.
Jeez...
You know, there's one thing about you I like.
W-What?
Something you like?
Despite always visiting,
you never step foot into my room.
Of course I don't.
Your room is your creative sanctuary.
Creative sanctuary, huh?
You said you'd touch your bass every night
in an interview from 2018.
I touch other things in there, too.
Wha... Jeez...
You must've been raised in a good family.
How old are you again?
Me? I'm currently 29.
I turn 30 next month.
A 30 and 37-year-old living together.
Sounds odd, don't you think?
So, how about this?
Let's just get married.
WHAT?
[Welcome to Kazuhiro and Haru's Wedding]
How is this being a "background extra"?
They're moving fast.
They could learn to take it slow.
Truly.
Even so, I'm happy for her.
Me too.
I never thought they'd marry.
Neither did I.
I'm practically their cupid.
- Can I come in?
- Sure.
Why does the bride look so stiff?
Because none of this feels real.
I mean, you and I are getting married.
Why?
- Don't want to?
- No, far from it.
But we're even holding a ceremony.
Our invitations already had people shocked.
A ceremony would leave them stunned.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime event for you,
and you're using it to shock people?
Reasons for marriage
are a dime a dozen, right?
- Not that I'd know.
- Ouji...
And what about you?
Your serious-looking parents
gave me their blessings in an instant.
They certainly did.
I mean, the protagonist proposed
to an extra. How could they say no?
- Pardon?
- And now I've become the heroine.
Am I really fit for this role?
What should we do, Ouji?
We'll need to figure out names.
- Huh?
- I mean, now you're an "Ouji", too.
Haru?
I can hear the sweet wedding bells.
This background extra
is finally getting her moment to shine!
I'll have to get going.
Right. See you soon, Kazu...
One more thing.
We're good with not getting physical, right?
Phy... Physical...
Like, our bodies?
In the literal sense?
Yeah. It's all off the table.
Our relationship's not like that, you know?
Haru, you look beautiful!
Congratulations!
[Toshiki: Where are my socks?]
[Must be nice, playing around.]
[Masanori: Don't ignore me.]
[You want to have sex, right?]
[You think you're so good.]
You may now kiss the bride.
I, Haru Aizawa, now Haru Ouji,
will be walking a "virgin road", literally!
[Preview]